# MathMap
A detailed map of all of mathematics up to graduate school, complete with *intuitive* explanations for each concept and skill. The plan is to be done by Jan 1, 2025.

# Structure
Most concepts in math can be connected to set theory, and thus can be connected to each other. So by viewing mathematics through the lens of set theory, we can gain a more centralized, organized, and cohesive understanding of mathematics. Hence the goal of this math map is to use naive set theory as a scaffolding to build all of K-12 mathematics around, and then branch out into axiomatic set theory after calculus, but before the other subjects that come after that (analysis, topology, etc).

# Intended Use
This map of mathematics is intended for use by three groups: students, parents, and teachers. The beginning topics (basic arithmetic and pure geometry), generally taught to students between the ages of 5 and 10, are intended to be viewed by parents and teachers and then taught to students verbally, with visual aids. For the early intermediate topics (basic algebra and coordinate geometry), which are intended for students ages 10 to 14, sufficiently advanced students should be able to read the explanations for each concept on their own, but adult supervision, assistance, and discussion is recommended. The late intermediate topics (precalculus-level algebra and geometry) should be accessible to students ages 14 to 18 independent of adult assistance (although of course adult encouragement and discussion is always recommended). For topics beyond this, we don't really know what we're doing and recommend that you try your best and hopefully you get it. Seriously. We have no clue what we're doing. Send help.
